The Exchange
NOTE - [01]: Ahoy! Alexander Graham Bell and the First Telephone Call
Ahoy! Alexander Graham Bell and the First Telephone Call
NOTE - [02]: 2LO Calling: The Birth of British Public Radio
2LO Calling: The Birth of British Public Radio
NOTE - [03]: Titanic, Marconi and the Wireless Telegraph
Titanic, Marconi and the Wireless Telegraph
NOTE - [04]: Goodbye to the Hello Girls: Automating the Telephone Exchange
Goodbye to the Hello Girls: Automating the Telephone Exchange
NOTE - [05]: Television Reigns: Broadcasting Queen Elizabeth's Coronation
Television Reigns: Broadcasting Queen Elizabeth's Coronation
NOTE - [06]: How did the UK Switch to Digital Television?
How did the UK Switch to Digital Television?
NOTE - [07]: Telephones Save Lives: The History of the Samaritans
Telephones Save Lives: The History of the Samaritans
NOTE - [08]: The Invention of Mobile Phones
The Invention of Mobile Phones
NOTE - [09]: Connecting Cameroon: Mobile Phones and Call Boxes
Connecting Cameroon: Mobile Phones and Call Boxes
NOTE - [10]: How Perseverance laid the First Transatlantic Telegraph Cable
How Perseverance laid the First Transatlantic Telegraph Cable
NOTE - [11]: Robeson Sings: The First Transatlantic Telephone Cable
Robeson Sings: The First Transatlantic Telephone Cable
NOTE - [12]: Standardising Time: Railways and the Electric Telegraph
Standardising Time: Railways and the Electric Telegraph
NOTE - [13]: Boom and Bust: Telegraphy and the Wall Street Crash
Boom and Bust: Telegraphy and the Wall Street Crash
NOTE - (https://www.sciencemuseum.org.uk/objects-and-stories)